[Music]
ten century proven magic tricks being
revealed magic is equally enthralling
for people of all ages good tricks
fascinate us and no matter how many
times we watch them they keep us on the
edge of our seats until the very end the
more professional and breathtaking the
trick the stronger our desire to know
what lies behind it one of the most
famous magicians in the world
David Copperfield once said the real
secret of magic lies in the performance
in one of his tricks he makes a train
carriage rise above the ground levitate
and vanish how does he do that
it turns out that the greater part of
any magic trick is thorough preparation
practice and the art of making the
audience see what you want it to see
Brightside gathered a list of a few
secrets behind some of the most well
known magic tricks
with our simple explanations you'll find
out how these tricks are carried out and
you can even try to perform some of them
on your own a moving piece of cloth this
trick includes a piece of cloth that
moves as if there's a creature hiding
underneath it the audience is expected
to believe that it's a ghost summoned by
a magician while he moves his hands
above the cloth how it's done the
magician uses a colorful kerchief that
hides a piece of thin wire in one of its
selvages one end of the wire is bent a
bit and by pressing it the magician
makes the wire rise that's how the
illusion of the moving cloth is created
and the colorful pattern of the kerchief
helps to distract the audience's
attention from the details
needle through the balloon a knitting
needle is pushed through a balloon
without popping it in fact this trick is
quite easy to perform and you can give
it a try at home how it's done
thoroughly cover the needle in oil the
places where you Pierce the balloon are
crucial push the needle through the
strong points of the balloon where the
layer of latex is thicker these areas
are at the top and at the neck of the
balloon make sure you push the needle
through these two points and the balloon
will not pop you can use a knitting
needle a long needle with thread or even
a pencil for this trick cut and restore
the magician cuts the rope in two then
folds the halves in one hand make some
mysterious movements of the other hand
and then shows us an intact rope with no
cuts how it's done
here is one more trick that you can try
to perform yourself the point is that
what the magician cuts is not actually
the original rope but a small piece of
identical rope that is folded in the
same hand that holds the rope the
magician hides the cut piece and shows
us the original intact rope
[Music]
solving a mathematical problem with a
piece of magic chalk at the beginning of
this trick spectator see two small
chalkboards the magician writes a
mathematical problem on one of the
boards the solution space is left blank
then the two boards are placed
face-to-face with a piece of chalk
between them
the magician shakes the boards then
opens the boards and the spectators see
the solution of the problem written on
the board right where it is supposed to
be how it's done one of the boards has a
secret panel that fits right within the
frame of the board and has a
mathematical problem and the solution
written on it it is placed facedown
within the frame so that the numbers
cannot be seen when the magician shakes
the boards and then opens them what the
spectator see is this secret panel that
falls face-up onto the neighboring
chalkboard pushing a coin through glass
[Music]
the magician pushes a coin through a
glass tabletop how is it done the
magician uses two identical steel coins
for this trick one of the coins is
placed on the glass while the other one
stays hidden in the magician's palm an
essential accessory of this trick is a
ring with a magnet attached to it that
stays hidden beneath the magician's
fingers
the magician holds the palm with the
hidden coin under the glass and covers
it with a hand with the ring that is
over the glass so that the coin on the
palm is attracted by the magnet through
the glass
the magician guides the attracted coin
right to the place where the first coin
is when the top hand is lifted the coin
that was below the glass falls onto the
other hands palm at the same time the
coin that was originally placed on the
table is pulled on to the magnet on the
ring this is how the melting through
glass effect is created
pulling scarf through neck the scarf is
tied around the magician's neck the
magician pulls it away with force the
scarf rests in the magician's hands
creating the effect of being pulled
right through the neck how it's done
here's another trick that's pretty easy
to recreate at home all you need is a
long scarf or a rope tie the scarf
following the instructions on the photo
above you need to create two loose loops
and pull one through the other this knot
deceives the spectator and creates the
illusion of a tightly tied scarf around
your neck
swiftly pull the scarf away and the
loops were released to create the effect
of the scarf passing right through your
neck surviving the cut the magician cuts
the arm with a hunting knife plunging a
blade through the skin and muscles the
trick looks really cool and dangerous
however at the end of the trick the
magician's arm is safe and sound and has
no cuts how it's done
the secret of this trick is the knife it
has a sliding blade with a semicircular
notch in it when the knotch surrounds
the arm it creates the effect of the
blade being pulled right through the
muscles
knife-throwing
in one of the scariest tricks
the magician throws knives at an
assistant who is tied to a big target
luckily the assistant is safe and sound
at the end of the trick how it's done
the magician never throws the knives but
only aims at a target and then hides the
knives in a secret pocket another
assistant hides behind the target and
holds a special device that shoots the
knives from the back of the target the
assistant releases the devices right at
the moment when the magician throws the
knife and it creates the illusion that
the throw knife gets stuck in the target
right beside the assistant catching
bullet with teeth
the magician loads a rifle with
gunpowder and a bullet then the rifle is
given to the assistant who then shoots
at the magician standing within shooting
distance after the shock the amazed
audience can see the magician holding
the bullet with his teeth how it's done
the rifle used for this trick is not
real the shooting effect is just
recreated with the help of a special
mechanism hidden inside the gun when
loading the bullet into the barrel the
magician uses a special plunger with a
tiny magnet at the end the magnet
attracts the bullet and the magician
hides it until the end of the trick when
the bullet appears right between his
teeth to create a more dramatic effect
there's sometimes a sheet of glass
placed between the assistant and the
magician at the moment of shooting that
glass is broken with the help of a
special mechanism and it creates the
illusion of a real shot marking the
bullet with some special sign before
loading the gun and demonstrating the
same marked bullet at the end adds to
the show and completely baffles the
audience
[Music]
the disappearance of the Orient Express
carriage in one of his most fascinating
tricks
David Copperfield makes a carriage of
the Orient Express disappear in front of
a crowd of spectators the carriage is
covered with cloth and lifted above the
ground when Copperfield pulls the cloth
away
there is no carriage underneath how it's
done one of the theories has it that
there is a special rigid frame like
construction built around the carriage
repeating its outlines after the
carriage is covered with a cloth that is
pulled away and the cloth rests around
the frame when the spectators see how
the carriage is lifted what they
actually see is a frame covered with a
cloth the purpose of powerful spotlights
isn't just to create a magical
atmosphere their main function is to
distract the spectators attention and to
keep them concentrated on the frame with
a cloth while the train carriage gets
pulled away as you can see now many
popular tricks can be easily explained
and quite often swift hands artistic
impression visual effects and the
magician's personal charm are the things
that really baffle our minds which of
these revelations surprised you the most
would you like to try any of the tricks
feel free to share your impressions in
the comments and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you
[Applause]